YCSB-Cassandra

### Client

This workload instantiates a YCSB client that generates a workload for a
Cassandra database.  It also includes scripts that enables CNSBench to scale a
Cassandra database that has been deployed using the [Rook operator for
Cassandra](https://rook.io/docs/rook/v1.5/cassandra.html)

### Server

Currently CNSBench workloads may only contain standard Kubernetes resources.
Therefore, the workload cannot include the Rook operator for Cassandra since
that operator includes some custom resources.  Once this issue has been fixed,
this workload can be updated to include both the YCSB client and the Rook
operator.  Until then, when running this workload we assume that the cluster
already has an instance of Cassandra running.  We also assume that it has been
configured for YCSB, i.e., the required keyspace and tables have been created
(see [here](https://github.com/brianfrankcooper/YCSB/tree/master/cassandra)).

### Variables

* workload: [Workload](https://github.com/brianfrankcooper/YCSB/wiki/Running-a-Workload#step-3-choose-the-appropriate-workload) generated by YCSB.  **Default:** workloada
* recordcount: Number of records YCSB will insert.  Must be quoted. **Default:** "50000".
* operationcount: Number of workload operations YCSB will execute, after the database has been initialized.  Must be quoted. **Default:** "50000".
* address: Address of service that exposes the Cassandra database. **Default:** "rook-cassandra-client.rook-cassandra.svc.cluster.local"
* timegranularity: How often the YCSB client will report performance statistics, in milliseconds.  **Default:** 1000
* maxexecutiontime: Maximum runtime for initialization and benchmark in seconds.  Note that this applies independently to the initialization and benchmark stages, so the actual maximum runtime for the whole test will be maxexecutiontime\*2. **Default:** 3600
* otherparams: Other parameters that should be passed to YCSB.

### Output Files


### Parsers

* null-parser: no parsing, sends entire json+ output from fio to output
  collector **default**
